TextEvent interface (#34868)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/textevent/inittextevent/index.md

---
title: "TextEvent: initTextEvent() method"
short-title: initTextEvent()
slug: Web/API/TextEvent/initTextEvent
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.TextEvent.initTextEvent
---

{{APIRef("UI Events")}}

> The **`initTextEventEvent()`** method of the {{domxref("TextEvent")}} interface initializes the value of a `TextEvent` after its been created.

Author: I know this is right, but I'm going to spell it out.
```suggestion
The **`initTextEventEvent()`** method of the {{domxref("TextEvent")}} interface initializes the value of a `TextEvent` after it has been created.
```
